

### Introduction
The recent advancements in the field of computing power and efficient neural networks have given time series prediction a new dimension. One such neural network model is called Long Short Term Memory (LSTM). The properties of an LSTM model to retain context gives this model an edge for predicting time series data as indicated by many recent works [1]. This presents the question whether these models can be applied to the Forex market and if there is a possibility for a network to predict when to buy or sell a currency pair in order to maximize the profit. This report suggests an implementation where a range of technical indicators are used as input for an LSTM. Here it is observed that just modeling the Forex market data through an LSTM with some technical analysis is not enough to make successful buy and sell predictions. This paper also observes how training and testing in a Forex data presents drastically different results.

Due to the massive size of the Forex market, it encourages the question whether a pattern can be established in the way the market varies over time. Economists across the world have studied the behavior of the Forex market to establish mathematical patterns to predict trends (refer technical indicators). Thanks to the availability of the historic data of the Forex market, it raises the question whether one could use the methods of data science to predict market trends and hopefully make profit out of that. In this research paper, possible approaches to achieve that have been explored. Unlike regular stock exchanges, the Forex market has no daily opening and closing times. Nor does it have a single physical location. Trades are executed via software platforms and brokers that are open 24 hours a day, for 5 days a week (The market closes on Friday 5pm EST and opens again on Sunday 4pm EST).

The main research question for this project is: "Is it possible to implement a profitable Forex trading algorithm using neural networks?. The following questions will be discussed in order to find an answer to the main research question:

  - What technical indicators have the most influence in determining a good buy/sell signal?
  - What neural network structure works best on the Forex prediction task?
